>> Evan You: Inside our next exercise,
we'll see that it's still the same app
except we now have a function
called create store.
So this function is essentially trying
to emulate a simple version of UX.
And what the way it should work is
create store takes an object obviously.
It takes some state, and
takes some mutations, and
inside mutations each mutation function
receives the state as the argument.
And it operates on that piece of state.
So this state will essentially
be this object here, okay?
And if you've used VX before,
you'll notice
this is exactly the same as this, right?
So VX store essentially
exposes this exact API.
Except now we want to implement
a simple version of it here,
okay, with only mutations.
No concern for modules or
actions or anything else.
Just do this.
>> Evan You: And the way you use
it is you can refer store.state.count.
When you want to access
state from the store and
the way you trigger change in
the store is by committing a mutation.
So, commit.
Then the ID of the mutation.
So the ID increment here which responds
to the ID here that we're seeing
inside our stored declaration.
>> Evan You: And
the internal implementation is for
yours to fill up.
And obviously it should follow along from
our previous exercise where we're using
view instances as reactive stores.
So yeah, so essentially what we're
asking you to do is use a view
instance to fit the API requirements
that's outlined in the exercise.